src/content/docs/recipes/extracting-captions.mdx, before:

---
score: 1
section: 1. Recipes
title: Extracting Captions
---

Many videos have closed captions baked into the data itself. This recipe shows how you can use the TV Kitchen to turn these hidden captions into a stream of text.

## Components
### Packages

| **Package** | **Description** |
| :-- | :-- |
| [@tvkitchen/countertop](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/countertop) | The entry point for developers who want to set up a TV Kitchen. |
| [@tvkitchen/appliance-video-file-ingestion](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/appliance-video-file-ingestion) | Converts a video file into MPEG-TS Payloads. |
| [@tvkitchen/appliance-video-caption-extractor](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/appliance-video-caption-extractor) | Extracts captions from MPEG-TS Payloads using CCExtractor. |

### Output Streams

| **Type** | **Description** |
| :-- | :-- |
| [STREAM.CONTAINER]() | Chunks of MPEG-TS data. |
| [TEXT.ATOM]() | A stream of characters. |

## The Recipe
Estimated Cook Time: 5 minutes

### Preparation
You will need:

- [CCExtractor](https://ccextractor.org/)
- [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/)
- A [running Kafka instance](running-kafka)

### Instructions
#### Step 1: Set up a new project

```
mkdir my-recipe
cd my-recipe
yarn init
```

#### Step 2: Install TV Kitchen components

```
yarn add @tvkitchen/countertop
yarn add @tvkitchen/appliance-video-caption-extractor
yarn add @tvkitchen/appliance-video-file-ingestion
```

#### Step 3: Write some code

Open a file called `index.js` and import the TV Kitchen packages.

```javascript
const { Countertop } = require('@tvkitchen/countertop');
const { VideoCaptionExtractorAppliance } = require('@tvkitchen/appliance-video-caption-extractor');
const { VideoFileIngestionAppliance } = require('@tvkitchen/appliance-video-file-ingestion');
```

From here, create your [Countertop](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/countertop).

```
const countertop = new Countertop();
```

We have to give the countertop some video to process. This is done by adding a video ingestion appliance. This recipe will use the [VideoFileIngestionAppliance](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/appliance-video-file-ingestion), but you can actually use any appliance that produces `STREAM.CONTAINER` data.

For instance, you could use the [VideoHttpIngestionAppliance](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/appliance-video-http-ingestion).

The `VideoFileIngestionAppliance` has one required parameter: `filePath`. If you don't have a sample video file that contains closed captions, you can use [this one](https://github.com/tvkitchen/cookbook/blob/master/recipes/extracting-captions/data/sample.ts). Just put it in your recipe directory in a file called `sample.ts`.

```javascript
countertop.addAppliance(
  VideoFileIngestionAppliance,
  {
    filePath: './sample.ts'
  }
);
```

Next, set up the [VideoCaptionExtractorAppliance](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/appliance-video-caption-extractor), which will watch for video data and turn it into captions.

```
countertop.addAppliance(VideoCaptionExtractorAppliance);
```

Everything is set up, but we should do something with the resulting captions.  For this recipe we'll just output them to the console, but there are plenty of more interesting possibilities.

```javascript
countertop.on('data', (payload) => {
  if (payload.type === 'TEXT.ATOM') {
    process.stdout.write(payload.data);
  }
});
```

Add some code to start the countertop.

```javascript
countertop.start();
```

Finally, run your script!

```bash
yarn node index.js
```

You should see a stream of captions within a few seconds.

### The Result

**index.js**
```javascript
const { Countertop } = require('@tvkitchen/countertop');
const { VideoCaptionExtractorAppliance } = require('@tvkitchen/appliance-video-caption-extractor');
const { VideoFileIngestionAppliance } = require('@tvkitchen/appliance-video-file-ingestion');

const countertop = new Countertop();

countertop.addAppliance(
  VideoFileIngestionAppliance,
  {
    filePath: './sample.ts'
  }
);

countertop.addAppliance(VideoCaptionExtractorAppliance);

countertop.on('data', (payload) => {
  if (payload.type === 'TEXT.ATOM') {
    process.stdout.write(payload.data);
  }
});

countertop.start();
```

### Troubleshooting

#### Kafka
Remember that for any recipe to work you need a running instance of Kafka. By default, TV Kitchen assumes Kafka will be available locally (`127.0.0.1`) on port `9092`. If you want to use an existing Kafka server somewhere else, you can pass `kafkaSettings` to the countertop to pass a different configuration value. TV Kitchen is using [KafkaJS](https://kafka.js.org/docs/configuration).

#### Something Else?
If you're stuck, check out the [help page!](/help)

### A Precooked Version

Don't want to implement this recipe yourself?

[Clone the cookbook](https://github.com/tvkitchen/cookbook).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/tvkitchen/cookbook.git
```

and run:

```bash
yarn kafka
yarn start extracting-captions
```

The code can be [found here](https://github.com/tvkitchen/cookbook/blob/master/recipes/extracting-captions/src/index.js).

Commit message:

Update caption recipe
The ingestion appliances are now `receiver` appliances.

Issue #64

src/content/docs/recipes/extracting-captions.mdx, after:

---
score: 1
section: 1. Recipes
title: Extracting Captions
---

Many videos have closed captions baked into the data itself. This recipe shows how you can use the TV Kitchen to turn these hidden captions into a stream of text.

## Components
### Packages

| **Package** | **Description** |
| :-- | :-- |
| [@tvkitchen/countertop](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/countertop) | The entry point for developers who want to set up a TV Kitchen. |
| [@tvkitchen/appliance-video-file-receiver](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/appliance-video-file-receiver) | Converts a video file into MPEG-TS Payloads. |
| [@tvkitchen/appliance-video-caption-extractor](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/appliance-video-caption-extractor) | Extracts captions from MPEG-TS Payloads using CCExtractor. |

### Output Streams

| **Type** | **Description** |
| :-- | :-- |
| [STREAM.CONTAINER]() | Chunks of MPEG-TS data. |
| [TEXT.ATOM]() | A stream of characters. |

## The Recipe
Estimated Cook Time: 5 minutes

### Preparation
You will need:

- [CCExtractor](https://ccextractor.org/)
- [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/)
- A [running Kafka instance](running-kafka)

### Instructions
#### Step 1: Set up a new project

```
mkdir my-recipe
cd my-recipe
yarn init
```

#### Step 2: Install TV Kitchen components

```
yarn add @tvkitchen/countertop
yarn add @tvkitchen/appliance-video-caption-extractor
yarn add @tvkitchen/appliance-video-file-receiver
```

#### Step 3: Write some code

Open a file called `index.js` and import the TV Kitchen packages.

```javascript
const { Countertop } = require('@tvkitchen/countertop');
const { VideoCaptionExtractorAppliance } = require('@tvkitchen/appliance-video-caption-extractor');
const { VideoFileReceiverAppliance } = require('@tvkitchen/appliance-video-file-receiver');
```

From here, create your [Countertop](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/countertop).

```
const countertop = new Countertop();
```

We have to give the countertop some video to process. This is done by adding a video receiver appliance. This recipe will use the [VideoFileReceiverAppliance](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/appliance-video-file-receiver), but you can actually use any appliance that produces `STREAM.CONTAINER` data.

For instance, you could use the [VideoHttpReceiverAppliance](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/appliance-video-http-receiver).

The `VideoFileReceiverAppliance` has one required parameter: `filePath`. If you don't have a sample video file that contains closed captions, you can use [this one](https://github.com/tvkitchen/cookbook/blob/master/recipes/extracting-captions/data/sample.ts). Just put it in your recipe directory in a file called `sample.ts`.

```javascript
countertop.addAppliance(
  VideoFileReceiverAppliance,
  {
    filePath: './sample.ts'
  }
);
```

Next, set up the [VideoCaptionExtractorAppliance](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tvkitchen/appliance-video-caption-extractor), which will watch for video data and turn it into captions.

```
countertop.addAppliance(VideoCaptionExtractorAppliance);
```

Everything is set up, but we should do something with the resulting captions.  For this recipe we'll just output them to the console, but there are plenty of more interesting possibilities.

```javascript
countertop.on('data', (payload) => {
  if (payload.type === 'TEXT.ATOM') {
    process.stdout.write(payload.data);
  }
});
```

Add some code to start the countertop.

```javascript
countertop.start();
```

Finally, run your script!

```bash
yarn node index.js
```

You should see a stream of captions within a few seconds.

### The Result

**index.js**
```javascript
const { Countertop } = require('@tvkitchen/countertop');
const { VideoCaptionExtractorAppliance } = require('@tvkitchen/appliance-video-caption-extractor');
const { VideoFileReceiverAppliance } = require('@tvkitchen/appliance-video-file-receiver');

const countertop = new Countertop();

countertop.addAppliance(
  VideoFileReceiverAppliance,
  {
    filePath: './sample.ts'
  }
);

countertop.addAppliance(VideoCaptionExtractorAppliance);

countertop.on('data', (payload) => {
  if (payload.type === 'TEXT.ATOM') {
    process.stdout.write(payload.data);
  }
});

countertop.start();
```

### Troubleshooting

#### Kafka
Remember that for any recipe to work you need a running instance of Kafka. By default, TV Kitchen assumes Kafka will be available locally (`127.0.0.1`) on port `9092`. If you want to use an existing Kafka server somewhere else, you can pass `kafkaSettings` to the countertop to pass a different configuration value. TV Kitchen is using [KafkaJS](https://kafka.js.org/docs/configuration).

#### Something Else?
If you're stuck, check out the [help page!](/help)

### A Precooked Version

Don't want to implement this recipe yourself?

[Clone the cookbook](https://github.com/tvkitchen/cookbook).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/tvkitchen/cookbook.git
```

and run:

```bash
yarn kafka
yarn start extracting-captions
```

The code can be [found here](https://github.com/tvkitchen/cookbook/blob/master/recipes/extracting-captions/src/index.js).
