src/content/partners/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Partners
head:
  title: Better together
  text: We’ve had the pleasure to collaborate with these outstanding teams and organisations
join:
  title: Join us!
  text: We are an open-source community and project and developers, researchers, journalists and all members of the public are invited both to participate and contribute. We do ask you reach out to us at tvkitchen@biffud.com and consider signing a simple Memorandum of Understanding to establish guidelines and adherences to ethical practices.
  ethicalPractice: Ethical Practice
  emailCta: Email us
  mouCta: See sample MOU
---

TV Kitchen welcomes partners who will use TV Kitchen to conduct investigations and analysis that provide information, research, and service journalism for the public and will enable people to make informed decisions. TV Kitchen encourages partners to help Bad Idea Factory in developing ethical guidelines when using TV Kitchen.

- rigorous and fact-based in research and investigations, following best practices in data analysis and visualization;
- adhere to highest ethical standards with analyses that may impact gender equity or vulnerable communities, such as racial and ethnic minorities, rural populations, and LGBTQ communities;
- respect the privacy of private citizens;
- hold power accountable in service of an informed public.

Commit message:

Add initial content to some pages
This is not comprehensive, but begins to add some bits of content to
various pages.

Issue #23

src/content/partners/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Partners
head:
  title: A Network of Chefs
  text: We’re collaborating with these outstanding teams and organizations
join:
  title: Join us!
  text: We are an open-source community and project and developers, researchers, journalists and all members of the public are invited both to participate and contribute. We do ask you reach out to us at tvkitchen@biffud.com and consider signing a simple Memorandum of Understanding to establish guidelines and adherences to ethical practices.
  ethicalPractice: Ethical Practice
  emailCta: Email us
  mouCta: See sample MOU
---

TV Kitchen welcomes partners who will use TV Kitchen ethically to conduct investigations and analysis that provide information, research, and service journalism for the public and will enable people to make informed decisions. This is an evolving field, and we encourage TV Kitchen partners to help Bad Idea factory in developing and continually reevaluating ethical guidelines in media analysis. At a minimum, we expect TV Kitchen experiments to:
- Be rigorous and fact-based, following best practices in data analysis and visualization;
- adhere to highest ethical standards with analyses that may impact gender equity or vulnerable communities, such as racial and ethnic minorities, rural populations, and LGBTQ communities;
- respect the privacy of private citizens;
- hold power accountable in service of an informed public.
